hey guys showing John special FTW or
Chris here Tammy show my all my pokemon
cards that Ray arms can go through this
this is almost complete black and white
master set I just need like a few
reverses but yams can get through this
okay then they got to for some riffs a
particular PQ them versus all my promos
still working on them some league stuff
McDonald's and all these are going to be
for trade unless it's really good just a
few emerging powers oh and we got two
full arts to gala um appearances i might
trade wellness it's it's a really good
offering and now to start the actual
collection the reprint Pikachu's surfing
flying another two full arts like three
full arts of each from black and white
currently start mantan a muck exo-k
condition guard of our Omni x install bx
mint condition a flag on X from World
Championship a Grammy XD X in ok
condition I don't bad Commissioner
Scott's have been through it absolutely
X medical CX armaldo X or quasi x flygon
TX and look at yaks for letting pieces
drop em taste weakened legend Pelka
dalga entei raikou and suicune I'm still
trying to get felt up for it these two i
just got a trade not too long ago I'm
dark red Pachulia legends plug the chops
its legend I got those in trades a whole
legends and entei raikou edgy well Sean
you really can't shiny yamna I just got
that say that's really awesome shiny bag
on I just about to trade one of those I
despair never looks is really bad
condition I need another one of this on
employer on level X Arceus level X is
guaranteed and I'm from chrome Allah
blacks looks like world champion
cipralex really back
I want another one but not too bad three
Casa Cielo lectures on budget probably
trade my friend this and something else
for his level X non promo strapped er
regigigas right you absolutely any new
one of those tortilla I need the non
promo carve our shame in anything I'm
promo and rock Perry level x 9 promo
scissor all of Alexis mm-hmm then stir
after FB netsol G to go with it I'm
YouTube promo hey Tran promotes really
mess up any of the promo if anyone has
it he trained level X Y on sale missile
X I really like this one got for my
friend item elect fire FB got in a trade
actually took me so long to Sunday
because my mom lost it so hopefully he
gets it soon tangrowth level X guard
champ see the whole exiting the promo
that Charizard G the flexing the promo
that dark trial of Lexington on promo
absol I'm Prime Selby prime I what helps
my bad blow Ted I'm shiny donphan prime
feraligatr prime for a promo prime
Meganium promo prime money done on promo
typhlosion Prime and television promo
absol crime Selvi prime gengar prime but
um probably I mega prime I want more of
these my favorite Pokemon one of them I
wanted to go to my collection oh yeah
megas trans r prime i do want other one
those but not two men houndoom scissor
and crobat prime these are just my old
school on Black Stars a few of them
right here Venusaur blake's star promo
me too new ancient me you toots antes
and then a signature chart signature
card got today will deftly reverse that
someone gave me is kind of like a
signature card away and can't pronounce
anything really thirsty now we could go
through it I'm looking for quite a few
cards so um if you want to trade me just
look at my wants that's there's a video
on my channel
I like these giovanna heroes the first
edition so it's even more special oops
so yeah I really like the few loose of
this card also have a comp I thought
what a contest going on a few of them so
go and check those out surprisingly no
one has guests oh I'm really looking for
a um I think its new discovery or
something one of those sets on the yamna
from it ended on sparse or any other
than that but I really want to get those
done with favorite Pokemon so I used to
have it a long time ago the one so I
things from the next set arts this set
and with the Yemen is hollow and Don
hollow if there's not Hollow I want both
pretty much first edition if possible
Dunsparce collection which is a really
awesome I haven't been collecting for
too long i'll say six months now I've
been trained online for about four so
yeah remain in my Dunsparce collection
and then my yamna and yanmega so looking
for more yarmulkes I have one going to
trade it's a side so I'm really looking
for that I think it's neo destiny or
near discovery maybe New Genesis yamna
hollowing not Hollow first edition and
non prostitution if they have that so
yeah thanks for watching once the guns
go through a few of the really cool ones
so got cobalion along the boob so i
really like this out page right here of
all legends like i said i'm looking for
this one the top and then any of the
other ones the bottom of that okie oh
yeah so see you guys later thanks for
watching